Francisco
Javier
[Music]
I don't
know why I let you put
[Music]
you fall over get by
grav
[Music]
iur but s of urcy has
That I haded out Nothing could get
me but this kind of chemistry
has
not and
How
and you I can't through
the [
Music]
ha m
[Music]
fie Come
on so far
gone I'm caught up infatuated by Our
symmetry it feels like before now I
[Music]
was That I Had Never de but this s of
ury [Music] has
That I Had figured it out Nothing
could get me but this kind of chemistry has I
was and How [Music
] not
you through
[Music]
the [
Music]
acas
[Music]
mti [
Music]
What's
up don't get all excited no The one who's
getting all excited is the editor
ines
who doesn't answer me uncle doesn't answer me
inb
uncle doesn't answer me inbet
uncle Okay
family my god
eh we're starting off strong September we're starting off
strong we're starting off strong well nothing
eh
there I had a chat with this guy
no I'm not going to tell you much because
basically you have to see the
interview but I have no doubt
that Lali is lying okay I mean the guy not
only doesn't only come talking
but he comes with papers he comes with
evidence she comes with a lot of things
Okay
and and the girl is lying I mean girl is lying
eh the trial is not stopped She said
that the trial was stopped not in the
video with Ricky It's not that I have a
trial that is stopped the trial is not
stopped they have the trial in
November and and let's go You're going to hear the
story You're going to hear it well not
only You're going to hear the story but You're
going to see things
okay it's Ali's ex When does it come out well
when the editor has it Well I don't know
TR cu 5 hours I don't know He'll be giving it his all
okay but he didn't tell me the
editor is there and I'm going to cry he's probably sleeping
because he had a lot of
work today Are you okay Javi I'm
fine Jean damn I have to leave
early eh I have a trial today at  10
in the morning You are not mine it is someone else's
but I am going as a
witness I already suspected it I never believed
Alali no but let's see, you will see okay You will
see the video the interview
when it
comes out
eh You will see the interview well
when it comes out but
basically I don't know if Ricky is lying I don't know if
Ricky is lying on purpose I don't
know if Ricky is lying knowing that he is
lying
mm but let's go
no I mean they have the
June 7th 2023 notification that they have a
trial in November the Mega a
kiss trial that is not going to happen trial that
Lali is not going to win trial that Lali is going to
lose and not only is she going to lose it
but the kid claims that he is going
to pursue the false complaint he is going to
pursue the alleged
false complaint How long is the interview I
imagine that edited
edited I don't know half an hour or so I don't
know
The truth is that it didn't
surprise me that much but man this is
seeing it like with more evidence It's
not that I'm not going to give you a preview Tomorrow we
will comment on the interview when it
is public okay But
Come on, if I have this information What does
Ricky have,
man, by the way, Ricky according to
this
kid, Ricky wrote to this kid
saying that he has contacts, well, I'm not
going to get ahead of myself, I'm not going to get ahead of myself, I'm not
going to get ahead of myself, you just recorded it, yeah,
an hour ago, but come on, he
lies about everything,
eh Lali, Lali is lying, but she lied a lot,
eh, he lies, but well,
eh, but the thing is that Ricky knows that Ricky He must know that he
feeds it, is that Ricky He must know
because there are
papers, there are judicial documents,
man, no, I recorded it, Tobias, so that it would be
for the main channel, it's a good
exclusive for the main channel, not
for a
live show, let's see, tomorrow we'll discuss it. Okay, okay,
tomorrow we'll discuss it
when it's public, but
basically, it's that they know that they're lying, man, there's
no more. Look, I'm going to give you a
preview, just come on, I'm going to give you a
preview, I'm going to give you a preview, okay, no, no, no, better
not to give you a
preview. No, no, better than  You'll find out in
the live
but come on there's more evidence, I mean we're going to
see more evidence
that [ __ ] more evidence that Ali
first said that a North African had
attacked her on the street and then 8
months later she said that he had attacked her, this
is her boyfriend while she was already with Ricky he
came up with the idea of ​​saying that he was her boyfriend, I mean and they have it
recorded they have it with messages they
have
everything
my goodness At what time is that released Well, I do
n't know because inb hasn't answered me yet I
sent her the material I
sent her the material
half an hour ago but she'll be
resting So I don't know I imagine
that in the morning it will
come out Ricky lied with Lali man I would
say that Ricky if he doesn't lie
with Lali he is very innocent if he doesn't lie with Lali if he is not an
accomplice of the lie he is very innocent
because they have a
notification on June 7,
Look, on June 7, 2023 They have a
notification
eh that basically what they come to
notify is eh that the trial is reopened
and  that they're going to have a trial with this
guy so I don't know why in the
video he says no that the case is
closed or that it's stopped or something
like that a verbal teaser Well that's what I
'm telling you what I'm telling you
is that
this girl is that they have her
caught but from all sides but I mean
I'm talking about the case with the ex This
is the case with the X that Ricky said in the
video dammit is that if with the with the evidence that
we have the evidence that you
have the evidence that you
have just for fighting with Dallas he was made a
fool of himself It's not that if I were Ricky
Of course in the first moment You
realize that if the girl if you discover that
the girl has done this Ricky would not be to
blame for
anything Ricky would not be to blame for anything
the problem here with Ricky is that he has
decided to turn against
everyone except his girlfriend who he
knows is lying
tomorrow's trial is about gossip yes it is about
gossip today you talk to delox well not at the
moment that I know of no if he wants No
today I can't get involved eh what
cone but
come on but come on listen to me
check it
eh with evidence also
eh with good evidence Also come on
look at it there is the delox delox do
you want to upload and we
chat I don't really feel like doing
many
things I'm just waiting for them to
send me some
statements do you want to be my tirino today today
no that I have work I have you in the background
Okay now work now now it turns out
that you work you
know Let's
see the deb come on let's see the
deb let's see it from IB so that ibai
finishes being fed up with me don't
come on okay let's see about IB ivai today
spoke about three important topics in addition
to saying that streamer like juste they
are squeezing him
too much that they are squeezing him
too much
Ah because of the issue of payments is that
juste is at full capacity with that issue but
because let's see It's logical if he has if he has
information let's see juste I'm going to
get into his
channel is that if he has information on
the subject people if he has information on
the subject that's what there is vai but come on you
're not squeezing yourself that much
no let's see a little yes but
well Of course but let's see It's that this is
what  There it is, it's the news Yes yes it's
true the Just of every day
soiv videos for a long
time now but oh well what is it I don't
know if this is the real Just channel
eh I don't know if it's the real J channel But oh
well let's see what IB says the other
day we were watching the other day
we were watching the Just that How
good that he reported
on the bad financial situation of the
bad financial situation of Koi no
that they even say that he can't pay the
players no wow wow
and it's
already given work what have I said
if I haven't said anything [ __ ] lately
guys they're squeezing me like an
orange eh They call me the Naranjito
the Olympic Games eh [ __ ] man I
see more and more things man [ __ ] man what a
squeeze they're hitting me they call me the
juice eh They're going to call me the juice alone
I think this is a little bit for me eh I
mean for for what he told me the other
day for what he told me the other day I
think this is a little bit for me eh
From now on, man, I'm going for the Game, they
tell me What's up, zumosol, nothing Look, I'm
going to record this for you, come on,
go I'll take it from you [ __ ] man, what a squeezed man, my goodness, I have
nothing
left, guys, what I have in my pocket It's that I don't have any loose change and I think that when I retire, that's
a little bit for me, eh, in fact, I think
that I think that's more for me
than for J,
eh, I think that was a very
direct hint for Javi the crab,
eh, yes, yes, yes, because then the bastard
sent me a message and he said something to me, eh, I'm not
going to tell you what, but [ __ ], I'm not going to say what, but he
said something like that, eh,
Javi,
bastard, I think that I'm going to stay in
Spain, but I don't know, but I
told him, I said, what you have to
do is tell, already, tell what we
want to know,
you don't agree on that, I
think this ends very simply, eh, I
mean, tell us what we want to know, what
can't be is to give us the candy
and then get indignant because
We'll squeeze you where my retirement will be Well, well, well Well, I don't know, honestly, I don't know I don't know, I imagine in Spain but I don't even know, maybe I'll end up living in Japan I don't think so, eh I don't think so, I think I'll live in
Spain 100% I will live in Spain and more
specifically in Barcelona guys the
truth is I just bought a house so I have to
stay here All my
life Here I am very happy now at 65
years old when I no longer have anything to lose
in this life and I've gone crazy if I make it
alive you never know where I might
end up living, honestly I have no
idea maybe I'll end up on a beach in I don't
know I don't know honestly it's a good
question no no I can't answer you What will I
do from now on in 40 years is a
good question but man a priori I will
stay in Spain not Bilbao ona we'll
see I like Andalusia a lot too
no And you're going to kiik for the green background No
man no no I'm going to Kick I'm going to
YouTube you didn't make a mistake [ __ ]
no no no the green background Look at the
green background  she put it on little perch
eh I mean little perch came to my house to
sleep and used my Setup and put the
background green and Cool damn I mean the
Setup looks different dude just by changing
the lights with Twitch at the moment I have a
contract and here we are good in the
future well I'm not going to leave either I do
n't want to say it guys because
then if you go to negotiate with Twitch and they
catch this clip I can't ask them for
that much money don't ask me this
please I mean let's try to make ourselves a
little bit like we like to make ourselves
loved on other platforms like
I go live and I say no I'm not going
anywhere then I'm going to ask them for a pass they're going to
say let's see and that's it But [ __ ]
if you're not going
anywhere [ __ ] please don't put me in
a commitment I'll have to push a little yeah I've
always thought this eh I mean I've
always thought that these people who
act like very like all the time
explaining if they're leaving if they don't leave if they
move No I'm comfortable here Javi they
got a strike be careful a
strike Why for this clip andv like  If you
give me a strike, I'll burn you for 7
weeks, I won't have to say if he
gives it to me, I'll talk to him and tell him to take it off, those
are automatic things,
surely, eh guys, he's
putting a little pressure on me, I'm not going to leave in my
[ __ ] life, but damn, a little
negotiation strategy, [ __ ],
Kingsley's market, and it's going for 100,
man, ch I'm telling you, yes, everyone has a
price, I suppose so, a very
dizzying offer. What happens is that I think I don't
think he has that much money, eh, I
think maybe we should go here, no
people, how do you see it? This color is better in
red. How is it? I think that in the end
all the streamers will end up going to
YouTube, man, in the end the platform.
By the way, do you remember about Premium? Well, it works
for all accounts, I mean,
when I'm on telesalseo, look, right now
I have the little guy's account started, I
mean, when you're from
the other accounts, you're also with
Premium. No, I don't think Kick has
enough money to make it worth it
to change platforms, or that's what he
needs to do.  kiik is that the
kiik platform itself improves a lot and
based on a good economic offer Well,
you think about whether you can change or not. I mean,
convince yourself. Yes, of course they have to be
linked accounts, of course, man,
[ __ ], don't [ __ ] with me, she's not going to have Premium.
My sister is at home
just for money, they have to pay you
a lot of money. Do you think
the offer, excuse me, is real? I mean, do you think they
pay her 50 kilos a year, man, more than
Lebron James? Well, what are you doing,
people who offered me that, they're never
going to offer it to me in my life? Because I
'm [ __ ]. Compared to L, excuse me, I'm
[ __ ]. I know they offer me that and I
sit with you guys, I tell you,
real guys, they offered me 100 kilos, I mean, I'm going to
do the same thing, but on another platform,
what would you tell me? I have a pen on the table and they
put a pen to me. Of course, this is
this offer. I really
understand that it's not real. Is
this What is it? Yes, yes, it's real, yes, it's real,
man, the monetization of the
monetization of North America  it's [ __ ]
crazy to compare with Let's see, not because the
guy is American but because the
public is American I mean if I
suddenly am here in Seville and I make
content for people who consume it
all over the North American world I mean the
monetization is crazy that's like
when we were talking about the
Johnny dep issue the Johnny Dead issue had a
lot a lot of American monetization
and and the cpm was horrible you know what has the
least cpm what has the least cpm
is the gossip of youtubers I mean I'm doing
well but because I have a lot of
visits I mean I think I have 8
million visits Javier canijo I have
a lot of members you know eh the
kids hang out they hang out and the
main channel is not doing bad it's
pretty good but generally the cpm
I mean if you compare 1000 visits
How much does 1 visit fit from each one of
the kids gossip of youtubers and
so on the least is the least
always why Because the majority of the
public is Zlatan look how much you can
like Twitch but [ __ ]
how many people  these people the majority
of the public that have
Zlatan okay What happens is that man
has a lot many visits
many many
viewers okay but the majority the
majority of the public Zlatan Why Well
because there are more countries in Zlatan than in
Spain so simply by
statistics no I mean by probability
Look I tell you the cpm of telesalseo
The cpm of telesalseo
is to see if I load the cpm of
telesalseo I mean the audience of
telesalseo
is 80%
Spain
80%
Spain and now it has gone down because there are
a lot of new people a lot of audience that is
with the Daniel Sancho issue and I have
4% of the public from Colombia okay but 80%
Spain that is well multiply by I don't
know multiply by cco the cpm of the I
mean 1000 visits of telesalseo are worth
like
eh 5 or 10,000 visits of del canijo But it
is that like that Look let's see in el
canijo what percentages are there from
Spain in the cangrejo in the cangrejo of
Spain how much is there in the cangrejo of
Spain a
a 52 from little
Spain a 52 from
Spain of course so a guy who has a
North American audience the cpm he has with the
views he has with the viewers he
has the amount of subs no because
the subs he has on Twitch that guy yes
if you do the math yes they are 100 kg I
mean because the contract is 100 kg
for 2 years 100 kg for 2
years in the end it is It is more than what he
earns I mean you realize that you have to
offer the guy more than what he
already earns but if it works out yes it works out It is not a
crazy thing then one day you will leave us
for telesalseo no no Why no I don't have to
leave anything There are times when there are
weeks when the salseo is strong here
and there are weeks that are strong on the
other side there are times when both at the same
time in the world would reject this offer
but they would really reject people no no
of no no I reject no don't tell me a
story really you as a viewer don't care I
mean this guy is going to do the
same thing somewhere else with another link  the
platform is obviously worse kik it's
true that it's also a little strange the
platform we're not going to get into there no
offer it's like But guys what is this
that someone could reject it
I perfectly believe that someone
could reject it I'm sure I mean
I'm sure it's difficult to leave
Twitch really eh No excuse has he been able to
leave Twitch eh excuse streema on Twitch
today quite a few hours also
Why is it difficult well it's difficult to leave
Twitch because I feel that we have
formed a really great community we are
15.1 million followers and I've
been working on this channel for
practically 4 years of my life Twitch
pays me well Twitch the truth is that it
pays me a lot I mean yes but outside of that that's
the problem that I have with
Twitch even if there is someone who
offers you more money leaving here is really
difficult I mean I suppose that
many creators if they leave Twitch it's
because they are going to make videos on YouTube it is
very difficult to change platforms as
such is very difficult very difficult Now that
there are people who are going to do it of course
and I'm sure  that there are many creators
who feel that they do not have a good
agreement with Twitch, that they are not being
treated well, that they do not H deserve what they
are charging and they have to leave,
I will speak to you a little for myself, for
myself, for myself, if I were a
content creator that Twitch passed me by, they do not
respond to my emails, they do not help me at
all and I feel undervalued there,
everyone makes their own decisions, well, Peter
could be a case, maybe an Peter.
Maybe on Twitch he has not felt
loved enough and has made that
decision and it is totally respectable. No.
Where has an Peter gone, I cannot
compare myself to an Peter because I
feel well valued, it is that there are people
who are very unhappy with Twitch, for
example, the only thing we know is what they
pay Excuse,
is it true or not? I do not know, chocas said
that kik offered him 5 million, no,
chocas said an outrage, chocas of
course 5 million. Of course you
realize that chocas easily
charges one a
year or one and a little bit but only that he
charges one a year, choca could be
close to 2 and a half million TR at
years Well there you have it if you earn 2 or 3
million they have to offer you more to
move for a couple of million
more he said no no to me K came to me with four
or five sticks I say [ __ ] me the mother
who gave birth to me don't [ __ ] with me man my goodness
that they come offering you that
Eh don't [ __ ] with me man I know I would have
taken it if it were Chos
Chos is 31 or 32 years old man you stick
there for these two years of the contract you
get the 5 kil keep uploading your
content to
YouTube after two years it's up to you to decide
Stay on ki or reappear and
make your appearance again on
YouTube, that is Sorry on Twitch if you
want to go back to Twitch if you are not
convinced But I'll take it man you're not going you're not going
Chos is not going to
disappear because just because he takes the
contract on kiik because he leaves Kick is
not going to
disappear Chos is not going to
disappear he's going to continue to have a
presence as long as he's uploading
things to YouTube as long as he's
appearing in events in the series
and all the chocas is going to continue to exist
and it's not going away Well that's what he said
the truth is It's true that chocas also
earns a lot on Twitch it earns a lot
I think it has a very
good solid subscriber base without a
doubt But well he said of course if chocas
is, it's not like us sons of [ __ ]
who don't reach 3000 that every time
we touch 3000 we fall eh we last
2 days with 3000 members
eh they are offering 3 or 4 million Well
for the big creators on Twitch I
think the offers they can
make them are around there or even more eh I
imagine what the [ __ ] he said It's
true no no no no he's going to make it up I mean he's not going to say it just to
say auron they
will have offered him 15 or 20 no I haven't
asked him the truth I haven't asked him let's
see auron how much auron can earn It's that I
have no idea what
auron can earn it's that auron can earn
easily I that  I
know
maybe he earns 3 or 4 million a
year, I think so, I think Auron can earn 3 or 4
million euros a year
on
Twitter. The contacts are for 2 years.
Maybe they offered him 10 and he says Auron,
but if I already earn 7 or why for two or
three, for two or three more kilos, no way, no way,
I'm not going to change, and even less when he has
thoughts of any moment,
you know, at any moment, we're not going, I
mean, from the year of next year,
quit the Stream, an email, dude, show the
offer, have some balls, nothing, nothing would
get into trouble, you can't imagine, dude,
that, I mean, show the zeros, have some
balls there, let's see, let's see how much that
really is, see the figure. Even if you
reject it later, you know, you can say this is what they
paid me, the exclusivity issue. How does the
theory go? Those who have a more
special contract with Twitch have exclusivity
with Twitch, I mean, you can only
stream on Twitch. In fact, you can't even
do live broadcasts on Instagram, for example, of
course, that's what it's about.  that they are
paying you a
contract, that's what it's about, that they are
paying you a contract, of course,
then the thing about xqc. Well, it's not strange,
simply xqc has stopped having a
contract with Twitch, he has the
normal Partner or even practically doesn't have a
Partner And that does allow you to be
on both platforms, but the
biggest creators in the world on
Twitch who have a special agreement
with Twitch that goes beyond
the normal Partner, those have an
exclusivity at a level that if you
turn on Instagram live, they
scold you, in fact, you can't even appear
in another person's Instagram live, I
mean, it's something very, very limited,
the Kings League does it at the same time, I think
with the Kings league they have made a
bit of an exception, they had an agreement,
a bit of a come on, it's not a problem, but
no, no, in theory you can't, guys, it's an
important exclusivity for
streaming, it's not bad, I
like YouTube much more than K, by the way, it's
quite good, don't you feel that YouTube
is not number one in streaming because it does
n't feel like it totally,
totally But because it doesn't feel like
it, but I don't understand why it is
that  look for example, YouTube
is not even well adapted to the
Stream L obs tools and you can
see these things if you notice
the usernames of kik or
Twitch appear in other
cooler colors you know the Kick and
Twitch emotes if they appear from YouTube
the emotes do not appear and I do not even know
how many years it has been already I mean they could have
increased it okay I mean from
YouTube the emotes do not appear or the
names of colors nothing I mean it is not it is not
pretty or worked you know I
like it more
because because it is YouTube because it is
YouTube because we have the Tajo there you know I
think YouTube says is that
I do not feel like investing in streamers or
in them doing live
I think that YouTube if it went full throttle
with the streaming platform it would be
number one Or it would be at the level of Twitch
but I think YouTube would but I do not
know why they do not do it I mean they do not have
the priority now of the short issue
and it is like Well but also have this
priority because this does not have this
also matters but not so much in the
end  YouTube the most important thing is damn
YouTube videos their
live streaming platform is pretty cool they've
invested they have some really top creators on the
platform but if they put a little
more effort in man I think
there are a lot of YouTubers who could actually
leave for YouTube much sooner than Kick
honestly And on top of that you stream on your
YouTube channel dude that's really cool and now it's
even split right you have a
live and video tab [ __ ]
YouTube is way much cooler than Kick
honestly I mean YouTube is an
offer that if they put money on
the table you'd think about it I mean if
YouTube comes along and says hey Rubius what do you
charge three I'll offer you
five but it's not like they're never going to
offer them money what they've done
now and what they've done what they've done
now Wait until they open it because I never never
remember activating it
what YouTube has done now that
was already
now was to have ads appear during the
live stream I mean so that ads keep coming out
during the live stream while it's
live okay error that I see here
error that I see the  the mistake I see is
that
the ad shouldn't appear to
the members because that's what encourages
people to become a member okay
look For example now I'm going to put
This monetized okay I always put it
for subscribers
and monetized okay that the
ads come out when they feel like it
okay you can give it manually
also there are times that an option appears to me that
is to have the ads appear every
6is minutes 7 minutes and there are
times that that option doesn't appear I don't know
why I don't know if it's on Mondays and
Tuesdays yes and Wednesdays no but for
some reason it doesn't always appear okay And
so now the idea would be that whoever
becomes a member just like on Twitch Well,
no
ads appear and there everyone does it
everyone who wants to enjoy the live stream
without ads then becomes a member for
a [ __ ] Euro or 2s or 3 euros
okay [ __ ] tight pretty eh Because
YouTube is very good especially because you
feel like you're doing it on your
YouTube channel that many have been
with that YouTube channel for years you know you
're not creating a channel from scratch of I don't
know what buf YouTube yes  what it is it is It's
to squeeze you it's quite viable to watch
a live stream of IB on YouTube or Vegeta
who is already there or DJ Mario, I mean,
I think that sib
sib would open the same as auron eh if auron
decided to do Stream on
YouTube eh he would have 200,000 viewers
every
day and ibai wouldn't have 60,000
viewers every day 70,000 it's not
horrible the chat is worse yes the
platform as such for streaming is
worse the mobile the mobile works very well people there are
more people there are more people
who use YouTube than Twitch well
now I'll tell you one
thing YouTube you know what there is, it doesn't
happen no way not on YouTube the evening
doesn't blow up eh I can assure you, you have to
do 20 evenings to bring down YouTube you
have to do 100 evenings eh YouTube YouTube I
don't know blows up eh come on, you don't bring that
down but but not even putting your 200
balls on the table eh It's true
that YouTube is  quean stuff from YouTube
that's true I mean you on YouTube you
put 8 million into the evening and YouTube
is [ __ ] great you ask the
server how are you and it says I'm
[ __ ] great and you Twitch suffers suffers And it's
funny man because the evening is
announced months in advance that
the event is going to happen I think there's going to be
a very interesting live what happens is I do
n't want to say it in case it's a
spoiler
a live that you don't expect with a
person I don't know if I can really say it it's
going to be one of the
most interesting talks that I do on this
Twitch channel because maybe there's a
possibility there's a possibility through it
's I don't want to say it in case he
feels pressured now and doesn't want to come
a possibility that came up Also because he's
going to give us an explanation of what
happened at the evening of the year
with the CEO of
Twitch I thought he was going to refer to the
cco thing he believes me Clearly clear he says he's going to
give us an explanation of what happened at the
evening of the year I think he has
done this and what a purpose to create a
microinfarction
let's talk let's talk about what
happened at the evening of the year and I say don't
[ __ ] with me don't [ __ ] with me don't [ __ ] with me that he's
confirming my
exclusive
live with a translator with a translator I mean it
could be very top maybe that's something
unexpected something unexpected they're going to give us I
mean they've done they've done a job
to explain to us what happened at the evening
okay I mean at the evening of course what
happened didn't make sense and no no I mean they've
done months of work to explain to us
what happened to see exactly what
happened at the evening okay because
we simply said Hey we've
noticed something strange If it was because of Reven
Reven accused
pointed out such and such I don't know what that in a
private way I mean they're going to explain it to
us and that's it and that's it and then
maybe there's the possibility I wanted to
say it I also don't know if it's him the I
mean what CEO is eh I mean now don't
search on Google who the CEO is and
maybe you'll get eh Jeff Bezos eh Amanci
Ortega Jeff Bezos and eh Elon Mask I don't
know I mean but exactly  we will talk to him
and about different topics of Twitch okay
What happened at the evening How do you see the
platform What is the future what do you think
eh the complaints of the smaller creators
medium incentives hopefully it can be
given but what happens is that we
would have to pressure him I mean we
would have to make an effort here of
questions that really
[ __ ] we have interest from the
community you know that he answers Ah I don't
think he would accept no no if they
proposed it to him I don't even know who I am what am I
going to say guys the evening of the year
guys something very strange happened it matters
that the evening of the
year
honestly sincerely I don't care
and honestly I don't care it's been
three months since the evening and I don't care
that you got stuck at 4 and a
half million [ __ ] I want you to tell me
Why didn't you kick cocu [ __ ] do I care
because you got stuck getting the 4
million you can barely be heard Javi Let's see no no
well I have the volume at full
eh yes it's true that I don't know if I
have a trial dude I have to
get up in a
while come on let's go  let's see what
arj said come on since I have it in the
title let's comply with the title
let's see what aruji said
about me and especially Juan It's good that I don't
know why he talked about him I don't know
why he's talking about them by the
way the one I won I don't know if I
told you I think I said it on telesalseo
but here I think not the trial that I
won against Jo Juan's friend I received a
notification I didn't know that I had to
receive anything else because I assumed
that he would pay and that's it but
apparently he hasn't paid the
money yet and my lawyer sent me a
notification saying that they gave him 10 days
to pay it and if not ar the rest
at home or the guy let's
imagine that he will pay it I don't think his
life will get complicated but he is still still he is still he is
still with that whole guy thing of What is
tomorrow's trial tomorrow is a trial
in which I am going as a witness I am not the one
who reports nor the accused at the
moment in tomorrow's in tomorrow's
I'm not me I'm just the witness But
well, I'm not going to say what trial it is it's a
trial that is a trial that is
announced it's a trial that is
announced and that had another date I think it had two other
dates I think it had two
dates maybe I'm wrong
eh but I think it had two dates that were
suspended and tomorrow finally yes it is
for now tomorrow yes it is me the
result of the trial
well I know what it's going to be basically okay It's
not that it's very complicated but well I do
n't eat it it's not mine as it's not mine I don't
advance it
okay And that's it guys I mean Look for your
happiness look for your what
makes you really happy and such and and don't give a
damn what they say eh Honestly, it doesn't
matter to you the most to me today it doesn't matter
quite a bit but much more than
they are bothered by you that they have v and they can't stand
that it has to be [ __ ] no no no there are
people who don't eh Paul there are people who
really don't like to see
happy couples t I mean I don't know I am for myself I
am disappointed with people without more
and disgusted  eh Juan is already too much
they have the public too idealized
by many people if one day they leave it will
be an abysmal heit Hello I think the
same, I mean they have them too much, I mean
to such a point of idealization that
if at some point God forbid
because I see them together all their lives
and they are very pretty eh I think I was
thinking before knowing what I was
going to talk about the subject I think the same man
that people the kids They get like
No yes yes one day Mai hey Juan
breaks up I will stop believing in love and it's
like man you what the [ __ ] do you know how they are
going to see that Apparently yes it is
true that yes it is true that Juan
does quite a few hours of live and
for quite a while she is
behind or enters Stream or whatever no
and you can notice that there is chemistry that is
very good and all that stuff but yes it
is true that you never really never
never know what there is in a house and in
a couple and people take for granted that it
is the perfect relationship that no You what do you
know man I mean Ricky edie and Lali what do you  they
showed what they showed you Ricky and edir
on the networks
and [ __ ] and know some [ __ ] that's going to
fall on masi because more than Juan is going to be
and you know it and they're going to put it no matter what
happens no matter what happens
more than more than me Juan is going to be Ai Uf
Well I don't know what to tell you if they break up, me
Juan and I end up getting into bad vibes with, who do you
think people would get more with Juan
Aldo Marin Thank you very much Uf people adore her
Eh Of course but because they
themselves know what they are and they
ask please not to idealize it
because obviously dude but it's that
no couple that I see my parents
argue almost daily guys and they're still
together at 60 years old and they argue daily
that's also nice damn Yeah quasar yeah I've
already explained it many
times let's see it's not that I'm a bad guy
either it's not that I'm bad but
[Music]
eh it's not what people say
arguing knowing how to solve
problems Violeta and hangers I adore them
dude I mean  Violeta I adore her with all my
soul during the evening the poor thing was alone I
told her Violeta come with us be
here with us that I love you very much I
us for a little while and then she went to get
perchita because it was a moment in which
perchita had to do I don't know what
and respect is maintained in couples as
soon as it is lost the relationship ends Yes
but respect of all kinds eh
respect of all kinds has to be
mutual respect emotional respect
sentimental respect respect of all kinds of
things like respect also sexual like everything everything
everything has to be there has to be a
lot of respect a lot of trust a lot a lot of
talk a lot let's talk about
this let's talk about this that
can bother me and honestly
today the concept of this bothers me if it
bothers you You screw up you know like No if
the person you love is bothered by something it
's okay to change it because you're not
taking into account their [ __ ]
feelings damn If something bothers them it's
okay to change it if you see that your
partner might not like something that you do you
stop doing it If you see that it can
put you in danger because that has happened
to me a lot like  eh If you see that something
could endanger your relationship
because I know, external people, in the end,
I am public and it sucks, I know if
there is something that comes from this, it is being public,
the truth. But but if you see that something
could affect your relationship because there are
third parties that could screw it up or whatever,
also avoid it, you know things, things that are
good. You go on talking, you realize, you
think that when
a public relationship ends, the biggest hate
falls on the girl. I don't think
it's just a sexist behavior. I don't know, it's
difficult, well, I think I can answer you,
we have a concept eh. In general,
because I don't think it has to do with the
guy or the girl. I think it will depend on
each context and each story, not the
way of stopping saying nonsense and
Juan is a great guy but Miguel,
why do you take it
personally? That's the problem that you
have, you take people
on the Internet, the content as if they
were as if they were your colleagues,
man, you don't know what, let's see, you don't know what
a person sees, let's see, there are
things that  have liked diro Juan and
things that not
so much We have already talked about it many times
there when we reacted to the
Dallas piece about the podcast in which a
piece of Juan spoke There we talked extensively about
the
subject but it's that you get involved you take
things personally like I don't know why you
have this fanaticism with people you
don't even know You're going to know
real life, I mean enjoy the content and don't
I don't idealize myself I mean me
loving myself as entertainment Like
when let's see like when you put Jorge
Javier not in your house he's not a
bit of a bad example no but the typical person that
you see so much that the voice is playing all day I
mean to me many times on the
street they tell me I'm hearing your voice
from afar I'm hearing your
voice in the background all day at home And now I hear you
on the street because you see me every
night
you know it's like
when the people who are the audience
for Hormiguero or Broncano aren't
used to seeing it so much so much that
you think you know them but you don't
know them no you don't
know us eh about getting over a breakup it's
different in men and women
it's not just machismo no no no no I didn't mistake you It's not
just machismo eh There's a lot that yes and and you
know I mean so you are women just like me
many and and I have experienced it first
hand many times as well and and I know
that there is machismo and a lot but it's not just that there are
also other factors people
often don't understand why a
woman acts differently in a breakup
because she acts the way she does because she doesn't act
like a man you know and many times it
also depends on who is more famous
who is more famous than whom the
image that each one can contribute
also the image It's very important eh
I think that I think that it's that to
see mainly I
think that those people what they would do would be
knowing the way they are I'm not saying it's
bad but they tend to be like very
politically correct and want to give a
good result you know I don't think that those people if they
broke up I hope not no but if they did
break up I don't think they
would make it public as a
conflict You know I think that what they would
do if they broke up would be a video together it's
not that we have broken up But we are
super happies we are going to be  super friends
the two of them all their [ __ ] lives You know how to
sell it like that okay Even if later
behind my back whatever
happened and they started seeing each other they would
do it that way Then maybe
publicly well there wouldn't be like
they would try not to Look for there to be no
division you know but if there was
division if there was division that they were
sincere imagine something happens between them I
don't know what I don't know how much
eh Let's see I like Masi better than me
Juan I see Masi more I see her more
real I see her more real I see her more I don't
know maybe I'm wrong eh I don't
know them but I see her more more real she goes she's
more transparent you can see it you can see it
coming more you can see it more on her face when
something bothers her when she's happy
when you don't know I don't know Me I
like her more than him
I've known him since It's not that he's
bad eh It's not that he's bad very
nice like that well he's not a bad person
either But in some things in some
very hypocritical things he wants to get along
with everyone Cool you
know those little things you know Look at it
Look what happened to me with the friend for
example what happened to me with the friend
there you have a
clear example things could have been fixed
well a guy for
example it happens to me a friend of mine
imagine if I had friends okay and
with a friend of mine well imagine if I
had friends and that my friends were
like that one of those types of people who
threaten and do those things
and I would have left it all depends on how they
handle it look at the silicon at the
time that nobody noticed
smiling face with cold sweat now but all your
life without realizing it
no relationship will be broken eh Look what happened to the
friend you have as an
example a more mature more
civilized person Hey Javi look what my friend told you
this he's crazy man I'm
going to say something publicly I'm going to
post a couple of tweets so that everything is sorted
out
the editor is already tied up with the
interview
okay And they are both from Seville he has to
know something about you and joo Juan is not from
Seville he is from
Malaga there is no reason why the friend is the one who
did the  [ __ ] that he pays the
consequences of his actions Yeah but well
What a minimum Maybe Maybe he'll
send me a message well What about if not why not
if he doesn't get along with me why not I don't
know the truth I don't know it
depends I don't know but the truth for me
for me you know what he did for me what
joh Juan did is surely
pay the
lawyer Because if he went with a lawyer That no that doesn't
come
cheap he is not a person who lives off the
networks he is not a person who is s you know I do
n't know what he will earn And what he will do
and And how much he will charge you know but I
imagine that the lawyer would pay it to him
Juan and he would say let's fix it here
but don't make any
noise you know what I'm telling you You
would like that that I Juan
owe you something why XD covid
why do I want that I Juan owe me
nothing that like I deo
Juan I Juan pays him the costs no I
think that he will have paid everything I
Juan is how I pay you but don't
echo absolutely anything Don't say anything else
Don't put even a TT you know no  say
absolutely nothing and it's like let
Javi say what he says But the
less repercussion the subject has
XD covid s something like that a kid has posted
says no You wish that I Juan
why would I want that I Juan What do
I need from I
Juan but I would like to know what I
need let's see that he earns more money
than me yes Well but not that I'm
doing badly
no if he's a good friend if he had
intervened to dialogue Or at least
tried to calm the waters I don't think he would have
removed the complaint
also I tell you if the friend comes to me to
tell me Hey look how heated it is Well
look my son if you have a friend
who commits these criminal acts
with whom you hang out buddy or whatever what
he has done has been better than the subject
as if the subject is buried And that subject will
not go away, that subject, that subject is always going to be no no it will not go away it will not
stay
buried and what
the friend has done will be forgotten no no the friend is
convicted of threats the friend is
convicted ole okay luare the friend is
convicted of threatening me don't me  I agree with
the literal words
but blow my head off eh
wherever I am that she has already warned me
or rather a gem not your friends I
Juan ha for example let's take an example
of a girl eh very stunning very
like very that talks to a lot of people is
very sociable very such And the boy no he's not that
sociable Eh she's not that stunning he's
not that and and and it could be that the boy
is a [ __ ] idiot in private you
understand it could be that the boy in
private and and is a slob and talks to a
billion days and and and the woman no matter how such and very
sociable and very such she may
seem wasn't doing anything wrong and
the boy Yes but of course the image does a
lot also the fandom many fandoms there are
many toxic ones like there are fandoms
that have very toxic people I I am
people that hate you simply for such it's that
there are many things that have to do with
Many factors that come
together and in the end they provoke an
absurd cataclysm for you What is better
public relationship or private relationship Look,
my whole life  I have had
very private relationships to the point that
I before
but it happened for some context or it was
like that because it happened because hoo Juan
was joking with this girl
murant that the muran told him that she would
sleep with him playing a game and they were
like joking no and I don't know they were
joking No in fact he even offered her
Amur
with Ai with amuran they were joking they
were joking and I put a tweet
that was who do you stay with masi or
with amuran but it wasn't a tweet or
sexualized or anything like that the
guy said there yes eh the guy said
there that the T was comparing them
like sexually speaking they are two photos
that they don't have but
anyway even if it had been Even if I
had put a tweet that no I wouldn't have
put it because it's not my style
Look, I'm not 9 years old no but Even if I
had put a tweet which one do you stay with
of the two like who is
prettier what's the problem it doesn't matter either no I mean
if in the end they are
with the muran joke with the  little
game
by the way I'll throw it
eh No Because what Muran did was
a game where they put pictures of
streamers
and she scores if she slept with him or if she
passed No if I put a TT saying
Which one is prettier of the two, which one is
better Which one what's the problem What is
the lack of respect It's a compliment no but
apart from the fact that it wasn't sexual or anything it
was with which one of the two you get and that's it
because I don't know, I don't know the truth it was
silly No, I didn't even think about it the truth was it
occurred to me it's t like to have
interactions no I wasn't going it wasn't or
looking for disrespect or anything because
to me she seems like a Charm the truth I
mean I don't know I don't know but but what I
see her on the internet I think she's charming
the
girl
were fan photos but then people
started with the streamers no no but
then the same joke was played by
all of them myself Juan was joking
in his Stream
eh among themselves they continued the joke and
this guy for whatever I don't know what I do
n't know what it was that day or why you
know woke up on a bad day that day and
suddenly I know when he came across the tweet
not only did he call me son of a [ __ ] I'm going
to break it on Twitter in public but
in private too and I didn't answer
obviously no no like Ricky Edi no 20
videos and 20 videos I make fun of it and then I
report you a year later no no no directly
this what I don't know if
I can run into this guy imagine at an
event or something you know and and and and and he's
coming for me Well obviously I
took
measures Sergio Rocío Vázquez always always always always I will
make videos I will make
videos
No man Sari I don't believe that Sari says that
m and v gave that tweet a like I do
n't believe it you're messing around with something else for
sure that would be very strong that would be
very strong if they did
that to me yes he told me something like he
had felt sorry for my children or something
like that I say don't
worry but look at you eh I mean
threaten someone for that I mean it's me that
the issue of violence I mean if you
tell me that I catch you eh grabbing the
neck  my sister well the same there if I
get you the same there if I get you
but but for internet things because
even Because someone isolates you on the
internet someone catches me well if it's that they
insult me
daily or someone makes a video of you
Imagine that I would Imagine that
I would like to hit everyone who
makes a video of me or throws me a barb in a
video
imagine How much I want to see the exclusive Oh
my God I also want you to
see it I also want you to
see it being known on the networks and such
my partners the same with one of the partners I did
upload more photos And such But because
that person also uploaded And such But
otherwise I didn't usually upload I nothing I mean I
had a partner with whom I didn't upload
photos and that person would say to me like
but you never upload photos of me and such he
said like why like I hardly
upload photos of me why would I upload you
know like no no he says do you remember that
even Agustín 51 grabbed you to
throw [ __ ] at you with that yeah yes  it's true
But that's because they don't have to throw me and
they hold on to whatever comes out like when
Win michu published the conversations
all the fools Wow what conversations
Wow what a double chin and it's like there's nothing well
there they all did the same thing Yes yes
tomorrow suddenly a photo of me comes out eh
that I failed what I tell you that I
failed math in third year of ESO
and and everyone would say Wow w founded finally
Javi is
like me you can get
bored it's not necessary like I like to
keep things private and such yes it
's true that there was a time when I went
there that was when I returned the that was
when I returned it if I'm not mistaken the
game over was the agusín that the guy
started like trying to farm me for that tit
that I put to So when the guy had
told gemita me to gref jokes of
mefuck gemita or so your thing yes it's a
joke I [ __ ] gemita I [ __ ] your
girlfriend because you killed me in
fortnite or so that that yes it's a joke and a
lot  of the worst comments Oh
really everyone is laughing eh
a couple of years ago that well I
decided to make it very public and no no Just
me but but well that it is made public
because of whatever and damn I
realized that it was [ __ ] but
like a castle I realized that it was
[ __ ] like a castle That's why I
told you that you were not going to know
anything about my private life again And yes it is
true that well, it has happened that
in the end Well it couldn't be
because there are people who are crazy
but but but yes yes and it is very
difficult it is very difficult and I prefer
private it's like that Generally Men
have fans who are in love that become a
problem and they become obsessed with the
streamer's partner but the problem is not that the
problem is that women are
more critical women are more and this is
how it is eh I mean women are more hurtful with their
mouths Jordy White then made the same
joke with Masi Muran with Yo Juan for the
yes yes yes they all did it but if he
himself and Juan in their live shows too
guys I'm going to leave it here
okay  more than today are the topics let's
go are the unsalted topics eh I mean
I have to come to stir up the
hornet's nest I have to come to stir up the
hornet's nest eh I have to move I have to
come what the [ __ ] is this what the [ __ ] are
these topics what the [ __ ] are the most this
ari talking about me Juan and ibai that if he
wants to go to coi or or interview the one from
Twitch
ivai interviews Lali's ex-boyfriend with
judicial papers trial in November
conversations and evidence Lali lies
Lali first invented that
a person had hit her and then 8 months later she
changed
people we have to stir up the hornet's nest eh I
mean it's that then
then why do I have the
crown then for what okay guys I'm
going Ah go I'm going to program the
telesalseo extracts and I'm going to
sleep because I have to get up
in 5 hours for the [ __ ] trial of these
people that we talked about okay we talked Well I do
n't know how long the editor will take I don't know
how long the editor will take but it's not
very long the Bruto the truth is that it's not
very long The brute
I think in 3 hours
eh Yes  I think that in 3
hours it will be uploaded, okay, kiss family
kiss
[Music]
family